2009 in bern on russia and lost
There with 227 a game of Russia in the
red jerseys from left to right
with ilja nico has only 13 minutes
World Cup experience before this game was against
Finland would have to be for the injured
fabricio in front of alexander pereschogin da
is somewhere hidden the slice well
from 4 1
more precisely 1 in the angle
first goal in this tournament for
alexander penner show go
the only goal so far in this game
by alexander pereschogin great
individual performance
has driven off the ice
that's why fast goes to two
situations for the french
With
the amount
si
its 60 seconds look prick you
runners the opportunity as soon as possible
The colleagues shot blocked
90 that is fifth equal to the
sensation is almost perfect keeper here
keep customers up on the dice
this is the chance stock only
strongly defended before the French
play perfect from sensation
russia beats with 2 to 1
that's insane